mgr/dashboard: enable different URL for users of browser to Grafana (#37937)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/dashboard.rst

You can directly access Grafana Instance as well to monitor your cluster.

Alternative URL for Browsers
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The Ceph Dashboard backend requires the URL to Grafana to be able to verify the
existence of Grafana Dashboards before the frontend even loads them. Due to the
nature of how Grafana is implemented in Ceph Dashboard, this means that two

> connections are required to successfully be able to see Grafana graphs in Ceph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
working connections are required in order to be able to see Grafana graphs in Ceph
```

Dashboard::

> - The backend needs to verify the existence of the requested graph. If this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The backend (Ceph Mgr module) needs to verify the existence of the requested graph. If this
```

  request succeeds, it lets the frontend know that it can safely access Grafana.

> - The frontend then requests the Grafana graphs directly from the users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The frontend then requests the Grafana graphs directly from the user´s
```

>   browser using an iframe. The Grafana server is accessed directly without any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  browser using an iframe. The Grafana instance is accessed directly without any
```

  detour through Ceph Dashboard.

> Now, it might happen that your setup is somewhat difficult and the users browser
> cannot access the URL configured in Ceph Dashboard. To solve this issue, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, it might be the case that your environment makes it difficult for the user´s browser
to directly access the Grafana URL configured in Ceph Dashboard. To solve this issue, a
```

separate URL can be configured which will solely be used to tell the frontend

> (the users browser) which URL it should use to access Grafana. This setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the user´s browser) which URL it should use to access Grafana. This setting
```

Reviewer 2: Please don't use a continental European accent mark instead of an English apostrophe.

Suggested change to the suggested change:

```
- the user´s browser
+ the user's browser
```

Author: :pray:

You can directly access Grafana Instance as well to monitor your cluster.

Alternative URL for Browsers
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The Ceph Dashboard backend requires the URL to Grafana to be able to verify the

Reviewer 2: `s/the URL to Grafant/the Grafana URL/`
